[grunting]
-[grunting]
-[young Sato] Again!
[grunting]
Again!
Army training is not enough!
[grunting]
Your head… must forget pain.
To succeed,
you must overcome!
[grunting]
[young Sato] Train mind!
-[grunting]
-Train body!
[grunting]
[in Japanese] Stop!
-Show me your hands.
-[young Chozen] Uncle?
[tense music plays]
Is this a pillow to soften the blow?
Only a coward would use such a thing!
A man without honor
is no man.
Do you want to be a man, Chozen?
Or do you want to be a coward?
[tense music continues]
-[young Sato] Continue!
-[grunting]
[grunting]
-Again!
-[young Sato] Again!
-[grunting]
[grunting]
[in English] When I look around today,
I see the future.
Now it's no secret
our past has been flawed.
Sensei Kreese fell victim to his demons.
But John Kreese is not Cobra Kai.
We are.
We've already shown we're champions.
But that championship
is merely a springboard to new heights.
That's why I've brought in
some of the finest senseis in the Valley.
Consider this their job interview.
Let's all give it up.
Champ is in the house.
[applause and cheering]
She's allowed to be a little late. Today.
[laughter]
-When you gonna bring your trophy in?
-Not today.
[Silver] All right, warm up.
The senseis will instruct you.
Let's see what they know.
[man] All right. Let's go.
-[man] Circle round.
-Hey.
[tense music plays]
So you are champion, eh?
Yeah. I guess.
Good.
Then I will not go easy on you.
[tense music continues]
[music fades]
[Johnny] All right. Gracias.
[woman speaks Spanish]
[cheerful music plays]
-All right. How we looking?
-I think I got it matched up to my phone.
Only a few miles to go.
Looks like a lot of bars and restaurants.
Here, let's ask this guy. Hola.
[in Spanish] Speak Spanish?
[in English] What?
[In Spanish] Spanish?
-[in English] No, America.
-Mexico.
[in Spanish] You're in a tow zone.
I need you to move the van.
[in English] Gracias. It's custom decal.
[in Spanish] I want man.
Hector the Salazar.
I don't know a Hector Salazar.
You have to move the van, please.
[in English] He wants money.
[in Spanish] No, no money.
Move the van.
[in English] No, you cannot have the van.
It's very special.
You tell me, donde Hector Salazar,
I give you dineros, sí?
[in Spanish] Money?
Sí.
-[man speaks Spanish]
-[in English] All right. [laughs]
Can you believe this guy? What?
If Hector is so dangerous, I don't think
we should be throwing his name around.
We gotta shake the tree to get the apples.
-Or we could climb the tree ourselves.
-What does that mean? What tree?
The apple tree.
You just said you wanted-- Wait!
-[Johnny] Hey, hey! Hey!
-[Robby] Hey!
[upbeat music plays]
[music stops]
Hey!
There he is.
-You must have been wiped out, right?
-Yeah, a little bit.
What are you… What are you making?
Ah, we're making my famous churrasco.
Churrasco. Okay.
Yeah. Get in there.
Let me see those quick reflexes.
Tell me where you learned
to move like that.
[Miguel] Okay. Uh, well,
I studied martial arts.
Karate. I won a championship back home.
A champion in California? Wow! [chuckles]
I'm surprised I never heard of you.
Well, actually, you… You might have.
Uh, it's… It's kind of why I'm here.
[Luis laughs]
Oh, sorry, it can get hectic here.
The little guy is a real handful.
[chuckles] You ever think
of having any more or…
Oh, no. No.
He's not mine.
He's from her previous marriage.
Never had any kids of my own.
Oh.
I was almost a family man once.
Yeah. Even got married.
[soft music plays]
We started talking about having kids.
But she left.
[soft music continues]
That's… That's too bad.
Hmm.
Hey!
I got a great idea.
I'm going to El Hoyo Verde later.
You gotta come out with me.
You'll love it.
Uh…
Please, come on. You can't leave Mexico
without a few stories, right?
Please.
[in Spanish] You're gonna enjoy it.
[in English] I owe you.
Let me show you a good time.
[soft music fades]
[Tory grunts quietly]
-[scoffs] You are better than this.
-[Tory] How would you know?
-You've never seen me fight.
-It is obvious. You are troubled.
Maybe you do not want to train anymore
now that you are champion.
I don't just fight for a trophy.
I wanna be strong, to defend what's mine.
-Good reasons.
-What about you?
Why be a sensei?
Honor.
-That's it?
-That is everything.
I thought I had lost my honor.
Eventually, I understood.
No one can take honor from you.
Only you can take honor from yourself.
How's it going here, Sensei…
Jokichi Tatsuya.
Everyone calls me Joe.
Sensei Joe. What are you working on
with our champion?
First train mind. Then train body.
Don't let me interrupt.
[Chozen] If you want
to break free of troubles,
you must face them directly.
[soft music plays]
[Chozen] Now, focus.
Center.
-Breathe.
-[Tory inhales]
-[grunts] Attack! Yes!
-[Tory grunts]
Nice work, Nichols.
Now like this.
[grunts fiercely]
You know Tang Soo Do.
Hmm.
Where are you from exactly, Sensei Joe?
Kyoto.
Ah, beautiful.
I've always loved
the Fushimi Inari Shrine.
[Chozen] Too many tourists.
Nanzen-ji Temple,
much better for your next visit.
Hmm?
[tense music plays]
[tense music fades]
Guy at the impound lot
said we need 4,000 pesos.
That's, like, a million dollars.
It's $200. But still,
we only have about half that.
We're not gonna find Miguel
without the van.
[man 1 in Spanish] Place your bets!
[loud indistinct chatter]
[in English] That's a Red Savina. That
thing'll burn a hole right through you.
Mom and I watch Hot Ones on YouTube.
-[man 2 retches]
-[laughter]
[loud indistinct chatter]
This is our shot to get back on track.
If you see me about to choke,
cover my mouth so I don't spit it out.
Wait.
I'll do it.
No. Robby, I got us into this.
Like you said,
this is our best shot.
I know I can win.
[tense music plays]
That's my boy!
[in Spanish] Look at the gringo
sweating like a pig.
He'll be dead before the second round.
One more.
[in English] The hottest pepper.
[tense music continues]
El dragón!
[tense music crescendos]
-Miggy. Oh my God. Are you okay?
-[Miguel] You lied to me.
He doesn't even know I exist.
Mijo, I had to.
You don't understand how dangerous he is.
He's nothing like you said.
Y-You were wrong about him.
He's smart, he's generous. He's respected.
He… He has his own business.
All of these things
I missed out on because of you.
[tense music plays]
Miggy, no. Please listen to me.
-[Hector] Vamonos, Miguel.
-I…
-[Hector] El Hoyo Verde is calling.
-Don't--
[Hector] Come on, let's go.
Hey.
[sighs]
[tense music plays]
[crowd chatters and shouts]
[tense music continues]
We're going all in. Todo.
[man 1 in Spanish] Place your bets!
[in English] You got this.
I'd bet on you any day of the week.
[tense music continues]
[dramatic music plays]
[cheering]
[dramatic music continues]
Yes!
[pepper-eating man coughs]
Sensei Joe. What are you doing tonight?
I'd love to hear more how
a Japanese master ended up in the Valley.
I am happy to tell you story.
Great. Dinner and drinks at my house.
Amber, will you make sure
Sensei Joe gets all my info?
I'll see you tonight.
[pensive music plays]
-I need to talk to you.
-Nichols, what's on your mind?
Excited to take things to the next level?
What's the point? You'll just pay
to make me champion again.
[quiet tense music plays]
So you know about the ref.
Told anyone else?
Not yet.
-So you don't deny it?
-Not at all.
I paid him off to make sure Cobra Kai won.
It was an insurance policy.
You still won the fight.
-Did I?
-[Silver] Of course you did.
You're the champion. I know it.
LaRusso knows it.
The whole Valley knows it.
If you don't believe it,
you're the only person who doesn't.
What am I supposed to do?
Just go back to normal?
Act like nothing happened?
Listen.
I'm not Sensei Kreese.
I don't have the connection you two had.
I never had to scrape and claw
my whole life, like you.
But what I do know
is how to use every advantage
to ensure victory.
You mean cheating.
The tournament was a matter
of Cobra Kai's survival.
If a person steals food to survive,
are they cheating?
Or are they doing what must be done?
I want you to be here.
And I want you to be you.
If you choose to leave,
I won't hold it against you.
But if you come back tomorrow,
I will make you the future of this dojo.
The decision is yours.
[pensive music plays]
[pensive music fades]
[upbeat pop music plays]
-[Johnny] You sure you're all right?
-[clears throat] Ugh.
Never better.
I still don't know
how you managed to eat that last chili.
I didn't.
[suspenseful music plays]
What were you chewing on?
[both laugh]
That's gonna make for a hell of a story.
That's about the most badass thing
I've ever seen.
[phone rings]
-Carmen?
-[Carmen] Miguel is with his dad.
He doesn't understand he's in danger.
He doesn't know the kind of man Hector is.
-He say anything?
-[Carmen] Nothing.
I think I heard Hector say
they were going someplace. El Hoyo Verde.
They're going to El Hoyo Verde.
Back the way we came.
We're on our way.
[man] Hey, Hector.
[Hector] Hey, brother.
-[in Spanish] Can we skip the line?
-Of course, Hector!
Ah, welcome.
[crowd cheering]
[upbeat music plays]
[in English] Hey. This way.
This is awesome!
[chuckles] I knew you'd love it.
Hey.
[in Spanish] Fortaleza. Two.
Vicente.
[Vicente] Hector!
How you doing, man?
[in Spanish] Let me introduce
my friend here. We just met.
He helped me
avoid an accident the other day.
[in English] This is Vicente.
He's the headline fight tonight. Huh?
Nice to meet you.
-[in Spanish] All right.
-My buddy is a martial arts champion.
And he can take your job away like that.
[Vicente] Hmm. All right, I gotta warm up.
[in English] Second round. Max.
You're kind of like the mayor, huh?
Well, I made a lot of money
back in the day,
but not in the restaurant business.
The kind of business where
you make a lot of friends in high places.
Enemies too.
[crowd cheers]
[fighter grunts]
But I put the past away.
Ah, tequila.
So, uh,
putting the past away.
Salud.
[upbeat music continues]
[fighters grunt]
[announcer] Impresionante!
This is better
than we could have hoped for.
You connected with him.
Now we can dig deeper,
figure out what his plan is,
and if he gives us anything,
we can pounce on it.
Too small.
Yeah. You know what?
I think I have a gray one
in my other closet that's a size up.
Just let me, uh…
[sighs] You are nervous, Daniel-san.
[quiet tense music plays]
Yeah. Yeah, I guess I am.
Remember, everything Silver does
has a purpose.
He is a man without honor.
My uncle tried to teach me about honor.
But I was not ready to learn.
I thought shortcuts, cheating,
would get me through faster.
Make my life easier.
My cowardice was exposed for all to see.
We will find his weakness.
We'll push him to his limit.
He will reveal his true colors.
For all to see.
[tense operatic music plays]
[Daniel] You'll have to play his game.
But don't let your guard down.
If he sees a weakness,
you may not even know until it's too late.
He'll do things to make you feel special.
He got me on his side once.
He'll try to do the same thing with you.
This plan has an expiration date.
Silver's too smart.
Please.
[Daniel] Eventually, he'll figure us out.
And when he does,
be ready to fight.
Yamazaki,
50-year-old.
I promise that'll be
the best whiskey you ever have.
You are correct.
A taste of home. Filleted hamo.
-How long you been in the Valley?
-[Chozen] One year.
I was planning to retire
when I saw your advertisement.
Why do you want the job?
You assume I want the job.
I am not yet sure.
The other applicants
would kill to work for me.
But you said there were issues
with your former partner.
We've had our bumps in the road, sure.
Dealt with some disloyalty.
But we're back on track now.
[Chozen] Your success
does not surprise me.
Your students are well-trained.
Especially your champion.
Well, our students are our legacy.
And whose legacy do you carry?
My master was Kim Sun-Yung.
Among others.
And you? Your father?
I was raised by my uncle.
My father
died when I was young.
Hmm. What killed him?
Cowardice.
I struggled with my own cowardice.
I lost a fight.
A fight I should have won.
Rivalries die slow deaths,
especially in Japan.
I can relate.
I have a rival
in this dojo business, in fact.
This guy, LaRusso.
But it's never too late
to get the last laugh, right?
Mmm.
Grab your drink.
I wanna show you something.
Look at this MMA grab-ass bullshit.
Hector the Salazar, you know him?
[man replies in Spanish]
[in Spanish] I need man.
Hector the Salazar.
[man grunts]
[crowd cheers]
What's up?
[man] Hector, there are some gringos here
asking about you.
Gringos?
-What gringos? Who'd they come with?
-I think they're with the FBI.
Son of a bitch.
[man] Get downstairs.
Listen. They don't have jurisdiction here.
So keep them busy.
[in English] Everything okay?
Who were you on the phone with earlier?
Uh…
-Just my mom. Checking up on her.
-Right, right, right.
So you came to Mexico all alone?
Yeah.
-I was, uh, backpacking like I said.
-I know what you said.
-Were you following me?
-What? No.
-Are you with the feds?
-No. Absolutely not.
-What… Hey, watch--
-Hey!
[tense music plays]
-Give me your phone.
-I got nothing on my phone.
-I mean, I'm a nice--
-Don't make me ask again.
[tense music continues]
[crowd cheers]
[tense music fades]
[sighs]
Sorry about that, kid. Sorry.
People are not always what they seem, hmm?
You can never be too sure.
[dramatic music plays]
-[crowd cheers and yells]
-[dramatic music continues]
Hey, let's get out of here. Come on.
-[announcer in Spanish] …headline fight!
-The assholes are here. There are two.
Vicente "The Wolf" Gonzales!
[Johnny] Miguel!
[announcer] You won't wanna miss this!
Look! Over there!
Show those feds how we fight.
[in English] Move.
[in Spanish] You're not
getting near Hector.
[announcer] One minute.
Looks like the Wolf is having
trouble getting in the ring.
-[Johnny grunts]
-[Vicente groans]
[dramatic music plays]
[announcer] The Wolf grabs a hold
of this crazy white man!
[dramatic music continues]
[Vicente grunts]
But he escapes! [laughs]
[in English] No, Robby.
I got this. Just stay there.
[dramatic music continues]
[announcer in Spanish]
Crazy guy's on the offensive!
[grunting]
[announcer] He's doing karate!
It's karate versus MMA!
He kicks as fast as lightning!
[grunting]
Oh my God!
It looks like MMA is kicking karate's ass!
[grunting]
[dramatic music continues]
[announcer] Things don't look good
for White Lightning!
[in English] Dad!
Catch!
[Vicente groans]
[Vicente yells]
[in Spanish] My eyes!
[Vicente groans]
Spectacular!
What a fight!
[crowd chant in Spanish]
Where's Hector?
[Silver] Check this out.
Some of the finest swords in the world.
I figured you'd appreciate them.
Very much.
This one?
This was wielded by Uesugi Kenshin himself
at the fourth Battle of Kawanakajima.
It's called Meiyo aru kyodai.
"Honored brother."
[Silver] That's what the auction house
told me.
Might all be bullshit, right? [laughs]
But, hey,
there are few things more valuable
than a great story. Don't you think?
A story is only words.
Belief in story much more valuable.
You're still not sold on Cobra Kai then?
[Chozen] I am not here
because you want me to teach karate.
You aspire to something far greater.
What is your true ambition?
I never had any children.
My only legacy is Cobra Kai.
We're already
the number one dojo in the Valley, but
I'm thinking a lot bigger
than just the Valley.
The lessons we teach
are the tools
that kids all over the world need
to become stronger, better.
I have a plan that will make Cobra Kai
and karate as synonymous as…
Starbucks and coffee.
And what is this plan?
That's something I might feel comfortable
confiding in my right-hand man.
If you're willing to take the job.
Yosh.
A toast, then.
To…
righting the wrongs of the past
and coming back on top.
Karii!
Karii.
[ominous music plays]
[ominous music fades]
You know, we should probably get you home.
I could drive you--
No, no, no. We gotta lay low a few days.
Maybe a week or two.
What about Maria and Luis?
Ah, they'll be fine.
She's only after my money
in the first place.
Why would you say that?
You know about Icarus, kid?
My dad used to tell me
all the greatest stories.
That was his favorite.
"Fly too close to the sun, chiquito,
you'll burn your wings right off."
What you don't learn till you get older
is that the sun is the government,
it's women.
You fly too high, they come and… [hisses]
…bring you down.
People will always
come after what's yours.
[sighs] They want you to sleep
with one eye open.
I can't even go
back to my home in Ecuador.
Can you imagine?
What happened in Ecuador?
[quiet tense music plays]
Success.
Success happened.
That woman I told you about?
I was practically your age
when we got married.
Hey, hey.
Don't ever make that mistake.
She couldn't stand me doing my business.
And her mother? Even worse.
[in Spanish] They tried to fuck with me,
a successful man!
The corrupt sons of bitches in Ecuador,
they did the same!
[quiet tense music continues]
[in English] And you know what I regret?
Nothing.
[tense music continues]
-Nothing?
-That is the cost of doing business.
That is the cost.
[exhales] Sorry.
I got myself all worked up.
I know what we need.
You want chicharron?
No.
Um…
I'm not hungry.
I should probably get going actually.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
All right.
Chicharron for one.
[melancholy music plays]
[Hector in Spanish]
Take care of yourself, kid.
[melancholy music continues]
[phone rings]
Miguel?
Hey, Ma.
[melancholy music continues]
[Miguel cries] I'm sorry.
You were right.
Please, tell me you're okay, Miggy.
[Miguel cries] I don't know, but…
[Johnny] Miguel!
[hopeful music plays]
[Carmen] Miggy?
Miggy?
[sighs]
I'm okay, Ma.
I'm coming home.
[hopeful music continues]
[sobs]
[Miguel sobs]
[Johnny] All right.
[melancholy music plays]
All right. All right. Hey.
[melancholy music fades]
Nichols. So you've made your decision.
I'm back.
-Where's everyone else?
-No class today.
There's some business
I need to take care of.
Am I early?
On the contrary. Right on time.
Fall in!
It seems you weren't entirely honest
with me, were you,
Chozen?
[ominous music plays]
How did you know?
Have you ever heard of a man,
Masataka Taketsuru?
About a hundred years ago,
he moved from Hiroshima to Scotland.
He studied organic chemistry.
Then he returned to Japan
with the secret of great whiskey.
He built up his own distillery
just outside of Kyoto.
His brand, Suntory,
the whiskey we drank last night,
considered the best in the world.
I've had the pleasure of drinking it
right where it's made.
And every time I raise a glass
with one of my old friends from Kyoto,
we toast kanpai.
So imagine my surprise…
when my new friend from Kyoto
raises a glass,
and says something they would only say
in Okinawa.
Karii.
Anyone who takes this man down
gets the job,
and I will pay triple
what I promised!
[suspenseful music plays]
-[senseis grunt]
-[Chozen exhales]
[grunting]
[dramatic music plays]
[bone cracks]
-[Chozen yells]
-[grunting]
[dramatic music continues]
[man 1 yells]
[Chozen grunts]
[grunting]
[Chozen exclaims]
[dramatic music continues]
[yells]
[grunting]
[man 2 groans]
[Chozen grunts]
-[yells]
-[grunting]
[man 1 yells in pain]
[man 1 chokes]
[dramatic music fades]
Now we draw line.
No more expansion.
No more senseis.
No challenge Miyagi-Do.
Do not come near LaRusso family.
You cross line,
you will beg for mercy.
[dramatic music plays]
[dramatic music fades]
[theme music plays]